Updates to packaging an application (#21)
package-operator/package-operator.github.io: content/en/docs/guides/packaging-an-application.md

### Assigning objects to phases

> Package Operators need to know in which phase objects belong.\

Reviewer: I think this was meant to say
```suggestion
Package Operator needs to know in which phase objects belong.\
```

```sh
kubectl package tree 1_applications/1_start
```

\
Example output:

```sh
nginx
Package namespace/name
└── Phase deploy
    └── apps/v1, Kind=Deployment /nginx-deployment
```

---
Finally, to build your package as a container image use one of the following methods:

**Method 1:**

1. Utilize the `-o` flag to directly generate a tar.gz file
compatible with podman/docker load.
This option is suitable if you do not intend to push images to a container registry:

    ```sh
    kubectl package build -t <your-image-url-goes-here> -o <output-file-name>.tar.gz <path-to-package-contents>
    ```

    \
    Example:

    ```sh
    kubectl package build -t nginx:local -o nginx.tar.gz 1_applications/1_start
    ```

\
2. Load the image into kind or minikube nodes.

* For kind nodes use:

    ```sh
    kind load image-archive nginx.tar.gz
    ```

* For minikube nodes, use:

    ```sh
    minikube image load nginx.tar.gz
    ```

    {{< alert text=`When loading the image to a local registry
    using 'minikube image load' or 'kind load', specify a tag
    other than 'latest', otherwise Package Operator will not be
    able to load it.` />}}

> 

Author: I think there is still a step missing here. When I load the image in minikube, I can see it listed when I do a:
minikube image ls
docker.io/library/nginx:0.0.1

But when I try to deploy it using the local image, I always get an error of: 
```
Message:               GET https://index.docker.io/v2/library/nginx/manifests/0.0.1: MANIFEST_UNKNOWN: manifest unknown; unknown tag=0.0.1
    Observed Generation:   1
    Reason:                ImagePullBackOff

```

I have the image url in the package.yml set to:
```
spec:
  image: "nginx:0.0.1"
```

Reviewer 2: Hey, you did nothing wrong, we currently actually do not publish the image that is used in the example ʕ　·ᴥʔ
@erdii is working on fixing this right now AFAIK

Author: I believe this step is building your package as a container image and then loading the local image into minikube. The part that isn't working then, is pulling the local image that was loaded. 

Note - if I build the image and push it to quay and set the image to quay url, this step works fine.

Author: removed option to load archive as all images must be pulled from a repository now.

#...
```

Validate the package again:

> 

Author: I did not see the below error. Instead, I saw: 
$ kubectl package validate 1_applications/2_templates/
Error: validating package: loading package from files: convert files to package: Package validation errors:
 PackageManifest invalid in manifest.yaml:
 test.template[0].context.config.nginxImage: Required value

Then I added 
  ```
      config:
        nginxImage: "nginx:1.23.3"   
```  
to the manifest.yaml file and ran the validate command again, but still saw a different error than indicated in documentation:
`Error: validating package: loading package from files: validate package and files: executing template from deployment.yaml.gotmpl with context map[config:map[nginxImage:nginx:1.23.3] environment:map[kubernetes:map[version:]] images:map[] package:map[metadata:map[annotations:map[] labels:map[] name: namespace:]]]: template: :4:19: executing "" at <.package.metadata.Name>: map has no entry for key "Name"`

Should the example manifest file here: https://github.com/package-operator/examples/blob/main/1_applications/2_templates/manifest.yaml   also contain 
```
 config:
        nginxImage: "nginx:1.23.3"     
```  

or would you expect a new user to just know they should add that?

Reviewer 2: No idea honestly, anybody else? @thetechnick @erdii?

Reviewer 3: I think that example just needs to be updated. This is a diff of what I think should change:

```
diff --git a/1_applications/2_templates/.test-fixtures/namespace-scope/deployment.yaml b/1_applications/2_templates/.test-fixtures/namespace-scope/deployment.yaml
index 9e9b826..f1734ae 100755
--- a/1_applications/2_templates/.test-fixtures/namespace-scope/deployment.yaml
+++ b/1_applications/2_templates/.test-fixtures/namespace-scope/deployment.yaml
@@ -21,6 +21,8 @@ spec:
     spec:
       containers:
         - name: nginx
-          image: nginx:latest
+          # manifest.yaml defaults the image to "nginx:latest",
+          # can be overridden in Package spec.
+          image: "nginx:latest"
           ports:
             - containerPort: 80
diff --git a/1_applications/2_templates/deployment.yaml.gotmpl b/1_applications/2_templates/deployment.yaml.gotmpl
index 3825e4c..4dedd41 100644
--- a/1_applications/2_templates/deployment.yaml.gotmpl
+++ b/1_applications/2_templates/deployment.yaml.gotmpl
@@ -21,8 +21,8 @@ spec:
     spec:
       containers:
         - name: nginx
-          # manifest.yaml defaults the image to "nginx:latest", 
+          # manifest.yaml defaults the image to "nginx:latest",
           # can be overridden in Package spec.
-          image: "{{.config.nginxImage}}"
+          image: {{.config.nginxImage | quote }}
           ports:
             - containerPort: 80
diff --git a/1_applications/2_templates/manifest.yaml b/1_applications/2_templates/manifest.yaml
index a220f18..f67dcfe 100644
--- a/1_applications/2_templates/manifest.yaml
+++ b/1_applications/2_templates/manifest.yaml
@@ -26,8 +26,6 @@ spec:
           description: nginxImage is the reference to the image containing nginx.
           type: string
           default: "nginx:latest"
-      required:
-      - nginxImage
       type: object
 test:
   template:
```
